---
layout: post
title:  Blockchain, Bitcoin and the Future
date: 2017-10-06
---


We have this group called [Code
City](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMI_nGZBEt9WJtvzgMyjHLg) where I live
that has been doing a really great job of brining the tech community, and those
interested in the tech community, together. They have been asking a lot of
people in the region to talk about things that are important to improving the
tech community in the area.

This past Monday was my turn.

Through a conversation where I was answering some questions about blockchain, I
was asked to do a CryptoNight (kryptonite if the pun doesn't make it through
text). Where I would explain how it works and what the future holds.

<!--more-->

The first part of the presentation attempts to give a really high level view of
cryptocurrency and how it came about. The tricky part of this particular
presentation was that I didn't know the technical level of the audience. I
really tried to go high level enough to let less technical people follow, and
low level enough to not lose the technical people that already understood
cryptocurrency.

I did touch on some not so popular opinions of a _bitcoin bubble_. And how I
think that chasing dollars now is probably the wrong play. I focused more of the
backend of architecture and how we can use blockchain for humans. 


There aren't any slides. It was pretty informal, and really fun.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YvCbPj6TwVA"
frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


I'd love any feedback on what you might have liked or disliked. When teaching or
speaking at tech conferences, I know who the audience is. I'm really looking for
what I could have done to make this presentation better.

After all that talk of bubbles and such, I really do dig blockchain. I think it
_can_ be a game changer. As long as we put people first.


Contact info:

Twitter: [@scottradcliff](https://twitter.com/scottradcliff.com)  
Email: scott@scottradcliff.com
